[DOC] Clarify scan mode signal stability for integrators (#1090)
chipsalliance/caliptra-ss: docs/CaliptraSSIntegrationSpecification.md

    Similar to Caliptra core - When `scan_mode` is set the MCI generated resets will be directly controlled by `mci_rst_b`. This gives DFT complete control of these resets within Caliptra SS.

    **Important: Scan mode is a destructive operation.** Once `scan_mode` is asserted and Caliptra assets are flushed, no guarantees can be made about the state of any signals coming out of the Caliptra Subsystem, including `SOC_DFT_EN` and `SOC_HW_DEBUG_EN`. These output signals are **not** guaranteed to remain stable during scan mode because scan data shifted into scannable flops can cause internal state (such as the LCC state translator outputs) to change unpredictably.

    The integrator should use `SOC_DFT_EN` to gate entry into scan mode (e.g., to enable scan chain access), but must **not** rely on `SOC_DFT_EN` or any other Caliptra Subsystem output remaining stable once scan mode is active. The SoC's DFT architecture is responsible for ensuring that its DFT control signals are driven in a stable manner during scan. For example, if `SOC_DFT_EN` is used to gate IJTAG or other DFT access, the SoC should latch or otherwise stabilize the signal before entering scan mode.

>     Additionally, the MCI reset mux logic that selects between normal and scan-mode reset paths uses standard RTL assign statements. Depending on the synthesis tool and target technology, these may not synthesize into glitch-free mux cells, potentially causing glitches on reset lines during `scan_mode` transitions. Integrators should verify their gate-level netlist and, if necessary, ensure glitch-free mux behavior on these reset paths through synthesis constraints or cell replacements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Additionally, the MCI reset mux logic that selects between normal and scan-mode reset paths uses standard RTL assign statements. Depending on the synthesis tool and target technology, these may not synthesize into glitch-free mux cells, potentially causing glitches on reset lines during `scan_mode` transitions, as reported in [GitHub issue 1037](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-ss/issues/1037). Integrators should analyze their gate-level netlist to confirm logic safety against glitches when entering scan_mode. Integrators are responsible for tooling adjustments to produce glitch-free mux behavior on these reset paths.
```

>     Additionally, the MCI reset mux logic that selects between normal and scan-mode reset paths uses standard RTL assign statements. Depending on the synthesis tool and target technology, these may not synthesize into glitch-free mux cells, potentially causing glitches on reset lines during `scan_mode` transitions, as reported in [GitHub issue 1037](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-ss/issues/1037). Integrators should analyze their gate-level netlist to confirm logic safety against glitches when entering scan_mode. Integrators are responsible for tooling adjustments to produce glitch-free mux behavior on these reset paths.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Additionally, the MCI reset mux logic that selects between normal and scan-mode reset paths uses standard RTL assign statements (similar logic exists in VeeR core too). Depending on the synthesis tool and target technology, these may not synthesize into glitch-free mux cells, potentially causing glitches on reset lines during `scan_mode` transitions, as reported in [GitHub issue 1037](https://github.com/chipsalliance/caliptra-ss/issues/1037). Integrators should analyze their gate-level netlist to confirm logic safety against glitches when entering scan_mode. Integrators are responsible for tooling adjustments to produce glitch-free mux behavior on these reset paths.
```
